So how about if you want to update our dynamo D-B table for example.
We want to increase the read and write capacity or throughput for our dynamo table if for seeing instant
high accesses for our data and high reads and writes for our data.
So how we're going to do that to do that.
Let's go to our dynamic D-B class and from there let's just say update
Crete right capacity.
All right.
And from there I'm going to provide my table name and also what I'm going to do is I'm going to say
new real capacity.
And I also say new ride capacity.
So these are the elements that I'm going to update on my table and let's take out our API documentation.
But before that let's print out a statement updating provision at throughput
of table with name and the table name.
All right.
So let's just fix that typo right here with the throughput.
Whoops.
And so now let's take out the documentation and see what we have to provide.
Self-taught underscore client and update table.
This is the method that we're going to use.
So within this method as you can see we can pro-white lots of different things.
But one of the required parameters of this method is the table name and we can optionally provide attribute
definitions.
We can update our global secondary index and we can update the stream dynamic DBI stream definition.
So for our case what I'm going to do is I'm going to provide my table name.
So this is going to be the table that I'm going to update and I'm going to provide a new provision throughput.
So for the new provision throughput as you can see the type is dictionary.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to wrap my properties within a dictionary and I'm going to say
read capacity units.
So this is going to be new read capacity.
Opes let's just fix this typo.
And so let's also say write capacity units.
So new right capacity.
All right.
So this is basically everything I need to update my table.
So let's go back to our manager class management class and from there I'm going to add a new method.
Update table IOPS.
And within that method what I'm going to do is I'm going to first get the dynamo D-B client and I'm
going to call the update read write capacity for the table name.
I'm going to again pro-ID movies so I'm going to updating my table my existing table and forward a new
provision.
IOPS since I have five and five for read five for write for initial methods what I'm going to do is
I'm going to increase this number to 10 for each of the elements for both read and write.
So let's just call this method and see what's going to happen on AWOS consol.
So I'm going to go down here and I'm going to say update table IOPS.
All right.
So let's hit run and let's see what's going to happen.
Here we go.
So our table must have been updated on a W-S.
Let's go to DAWE AS console and see what's happened with our table.
So if I just go back to the table and hit refresh I can see that my total read capacity and my total
right capacity is increased to ten just as I was expecting.
So we could update our table with ease with this method call.